and soon there's good news we've just
heard on the radio that we've found this
male rebel zebra guys labor operations
manager Richard dashes to join the team
it's quickly decided that this animal
doesn't need any extra stress our only
Tim will accompany Richard in the
darting truck
they need to get to the Sikh gravy fast
but suddenly the wind changes yeah you
know with that big hairy end like this
yeah the wind picks it up a lot Tim
spots it yeah yeah it's that one they've
got it in their sights but for a clean
shot they need to get within 25 meters
of it and injured though it is it's
getting wise to the ways of the trackers
it knows the vehicle it knows it knows
what the deal is and so it's a lot more
timid than it would otherwise be yeah we
all struggle Richard decides on a
radical course of action wish me luck it
he and Tim will continue on foot
downwind of the zebra and the truck will
push it towards them this is where we
bump into a rhino wary of other wildlife
Richard and Tim take up a position out
of the animals site and wait for the
Grevy to come to them oh you have got it
okay
service now landing and Richards worried
when healed him find the dart like
yesterday its dropped out again and it's
not clear if the tranquilize has been
delivered and now the zebra has bolted
just over the brow of the hill they find
the gravy and thankfully it's showing
every sign of being sedated now they've
got to work fast to deliver the
antibiotics it needs before the
tranquilizer wears off it's critical
it's kept calm and to help Richard wants
the shirt off Tim's back can I just
borrow that yeah I just want to cover
its eyes up you know
sunlight can tremblin us be very scared
at the moment just push that in to push
the toggle oh yeah
I bet Tim never imagined he'd be giving
first aid to one of Africa's rarest
animals quite severe luckily antibiotics
or then you can pull that out
well it stems from some amazing things
but this is definitely up there I still
can't believe I'm actually helping the
system this Ebersole it's amazing to be
honest I don't get much opportunity back
on liver pills through this so do you
think it'll make a full recovery y'all
yeah yeah yeah oh definitely
that's the news we gossiped yeah yeah
they might get up quite quickly know it
so just
with only 2,000 in existence saving this
griffey is crucial fingers crossed it's
an animal will one day see in sera
ken and his team have plenty to
celebrate back up baths
you